README.md, before:

# Memory Game

There are 16 cards with 8 matching pairs of symbols. Match all cards to win the game.

## Getting Started

Start by clicking on the first card. Click another card to see if there is a match. Continue this until you have match all cards

## Stars

Start the game with 3 stars. Each card you click is one move. 20 moves and you lose 1 star. 30 moves and lose the 2nd star. 40 moves and lose the last star. 

## Time

The timer will start once you click the first card

## Game Over

Once all cards are match, you will get a score of how many stars you have left, along with the time taken to complete the game.

## Restart

Once the game is over, click restart to shuffle the deck and restart the game.

## Authors

Paul Blackburn

## Acknowledgments

* Card Shuffle - Stack Overflow - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/7070054/javascript-shuffle-html-list-element-order
* Pop Up - Sweet Alert 2 - https://sweetalert2.github.io/
* Timer - JS Fiddle - https://jsfiddle.net/Daniel_Hug/pvk6p/

Commit message:

Added dependencies to read me file. Fixed time display issue.

README.md, after:

# Memory Game

There are 16 cards with 8 matching pairs of symbols.
Match all cards to win the game.

## Getting Started

Start by clicking on the first card. Click another card to
see if there is a match. Continue this until you have match all cards

## Stars

Start the game with 3 stars. Each card you click is one move.
20 moves and you lose 1 star. 30 moves and lose the 2nd star.
40 moves and lose the last star. 

## Time

The timer will start once you click the first card

## Game Over

Once all cards are match, you will get a score of how many stars
you have left, along with the time taken to complete the game.

## Restart

Once the game is over, click restart to shuffle the deck and restart the game.

## Authors

Paul Blackburn

## Acknowledgments
* Timer - JS Fiddle - https://jsfiddle.net/Daniel_Hug/pvk6p/ 
* Card Shuffle - Stack Overflow - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/7070054/javascript-shuffle-html-list-element-order

## Dependencies
* Pop Up - Sweet Alert 2 - https://sweetalert2.github.io/
* Google Fonts
* Font Awesome
* Bootstrap
